feat: add concise flag to apex run test and apex get test (#504)
salesforcecli/plugin-apex: messages/gettest.md

Directory in which to store test result files.

# flags.concise.summary

> Only display failed test results for human-readable output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display only failed test results in the human-readable output.
```

Reviewer: Question: I'm a bit confused by the "for human-readable output" part.  Do you mean that this flag works _only_ if "--result-format human"?  If so, something like this might be better:

Display only failed test results; works with human-readable output only.

Author: @jshackell-sfdc That's correct. I can update it to `Display only failed test results; works with human-readable output only.`
